FT11-B MDS Battle Armor

        The MDS Battle Armor is the same armor that is worn by Geist in
the anime MD Geist.  The armor is black with gold highlights, and
studded with spikes on the shoulders, knees and feet.  It was the favored
armored exoskeleton of the MDS soldiers, and retained its name despite
the fact that it was only used by MDS soldiers for less than a fifth of
its active life.  Only veteran soldiers were aware of the name's origin.

        It was one of the more popular armored exoskeleton designs, and
was kept in service for over 15 years.  It was in service for only 2
years before the MDS soldiers entered their cryogenetic sleep, and was
upgraded significantly during the rest of its active life.  The original
model used by MDS soldiers was a bulky SDC armored exoskeleton.  When
lightweight MDC armor technology began to leap ahead, it was quickly
adapted to the MDS Battle Armor, increasing its protective capacity
immensely.  It was also modified into a fully environmental suit. (a
transparent visor was installed underneath the "football visor" to seal
the helmet)

        The main strength of the MDS Battle Armor (and most other
exoskeletons of the time) was their versatility.  These were the early
designs later developed into power armor.  It gave soldiers in the field
the strength to carry heavy weaponry, and later offered heavy armor
protection as well.  By the time the armor was retired, it had protection
capacity approaching that of a tank. (as did most other MDC exoskeletons)

        The MDS Battle Armor was stored in secret military bunkers, along
with the MDS soldiers, since it was considered extremely unlikely either
would ever be used again.  Thus, many MDS soldiers awakened from their
cryogenetic sleep to find their Battle Armor much improved, ready, and
waiting for use.

        The following stats are for the MDS Battle Armor design that last
saw use before it was retired, and was stored with the MDS soldiers.  It
is old and bulky when compared to current exoskeletons, but still offers
good protection and is lethal in the hands of an MDS.

Class: FT11-B MDS Battle Armor
Size: 8 to 9 feet
Weight: 200 lbs
Bonuses: +10 PS (max 36), can leap up to 30 feet high and wide with a
         running start, 15 feet from a standing position
Mobility Penalties: Armor is bulky, Spd is unaffected. -30% to prowl,
         acrobatics and gymnastics are impossible, -20% to climb.
         Reduces fatigue by 25%
Notes: Armor feels like it weighs about 20 lbs

MDC by Location:
Head/Helmet - 70
Arms - 70
Legs - 85
Main Body - 180

Special Weapon Systems and Features
1. Vibro-Spear (standard melee weapon) 1D6 MD, 3D6 MD used two-handed
2. Small vibro blades on the knuckles add 1D4+1 MD to punch
3. Grappling hook/spike and 300 foot cable with winch built into left
arm, can lift up to 1000 lbs (winch is fast when lifting 600 lbs or less)

Typically has a heavy energy weapon, such as a particle beam or plasma
weapon as standard issue.
Pre-Rifts old particle beam or plasma cannon
dmg - 3D6
payload - 10 shots
range - 800 ft

3 old E-clips for the weapon are also standard issue. (not compatible
with modern E-clips)

OTHER NOTES:
It is likely the old particle beam/plasma weapon will be foregone as soon
as more powerful modern weapons are acquired.

The spear should be particularly effective if you use optional armor
penetration rules. (I leave this to individual GMs)

The CS or more likely Northern Gun or the Black Market *may* use the
design to produce a new improved model if they acquire one of these
suits.

If you want to see a pic or two, check out
http://www.geocities.com/Hollywood/1577/mdback.jpg
It's a background image and pretty light, but you can get a look.

by Hugh King