War-roid OCC/RCC

        War-roids are robots that were built by the Imperial Army on
another world, Gaiarth.  They are robots, but have all aspects of a
transferred intelligence.  Whether or not they were actually once
human and had their essences transferred into robot bodies or whether
they were somehow created with an essence is unclear.

        War-roids were developed as troops for the Imperial Army to
combat the enemy's autosoldiers (robot animal-like drones), and
were paired with human partners to make a balanced team.  The typical
War-roid is much like a soldier, except that they all have exceptional
loyalty.  To date, not one War-roid has been reported as a menace or a
danger to humans.

        There is no movement in the face of a War-roid, it is totally
mechanical.  The eyes do not visibly move, and although there is
obviously a mouth, it is merely cosmetic. (there is no opening)

        There are 3 types of War-roids, the War-roid Soldier (the
front line troop), the War-roid Warlock (the commander/general, rare),
and War-roid Zaxon, who is a unique individual and the "Warlock of
Warlocks". (War-roid Warlocks)

        Energy barriers were developed on Gaiarth, and led to melee
weapons being developed to a much higher degree than those of Rifts
Earth, since melee weapons are unaffected by energy barriers.  The
energy barriers would protect War-roids from enemy energy attacks
while they charged, giving them time to reach the enemy and engage
them in melee combat.

        War-roids have long life spans, and can operate with little
or no maintenance for extremely long periods of time, several have
operated for over 100 years without major malfunction, though routine
maintenance is recommended. (it should be noted these were also in
isolated areas and did not engage in combat for these extended periods
of time)

        War-roids cannot wear additional armor.


Attributes: (unlisted rolled as normal)

War-roid Soldier
PS 32, PP 20, PE N/A, Spd 220

War-roid Warlock
PS 36, PP 22, PE N/A, Spd 220

Bonuses: (sensor bonuses calculated in, but not PP)
+1 melee attack
War-roid Soldier: +1 strike, +2 parry, +3 dodge, +3 initiative
War-roid Warlock: +1 strike, +2 parry, +3 dodge, +3 initiative
All War-roids are -6 to parry ranged attacks, -4 to dodge them

Attribute Requirements
Soldier IQ 10, ME 12
Warlock IQ 13, ME 12

OCC/RCC SKILLS:
Language: American (98%)
Literacy: American (+20%)
Math: Basic (+20%)
Computer Operation (+20%)
Climbing (+5%)
Pilot: Hovercraft(+5%)
Read Sensory Equipment (+15%)
WP Sword
WP Chain
WP choose 1 ancient
Hand to Hand Expert

For Warlocks, add
Computer Programming (+15%)
Computer Hacking (+15%)

OCC RELATED:
Soldiers pick 6 skills, plus 1 more each at levels 3, 6, 9, and 12
Warlocks pick 4 skills, plus 2 more each at levels 5, 9, and 13
Communications: Any (+10%)
Domestic: Any
Electrical: Basic only
Espionage: None
Mechanical: Basic only
Medical: First Aid and Paramedic only (+10%)
Military: None
Pilot: Any except Robots/PA and aircraft (+10%)
Pilot Related: Any (+5%)
Physical: Hand-to-Hand only
Rogue: Computer Hacking only
Science: Any
Technical: Any
Wilderness: None
WP: Only ancient to start

SECONDARY:
also gets 3 secondary skills, with the above restrictions but without
the bonuses; one more each can be selected at levels 6, 10 and 14

ROBOT FEATURES: (most of these found in Source Book 1)

1. Transferred Intelligence - all War-roids exhibit TI features
        A slight exception to this is that War-roids, if they possess
psionics, will only possess minor psionics, and the specific powers
empathy and presence sense.  Approximately 15% of War-roids possess
psionics.

2. Humanoid Body
        War-roid Soldier - Basic Humanoid: 420 MDC (8 feet tall)
        War-roid Warlock - Giant Humanoid: 600 MDC (10 feet tall)

3. Power Supply
        Super-Solar Power System
        Nuclear: Soldier 10 years
                 Warlock 20 years

3. Audio
        Advanced Audio System
        Radar Signal Detector
        Radio Signal Scrambler
        Single Voice Synthesizer
        Inaudible Frequency Transmission

4. Optics
        Basic Robot Optic System
        Targeting Combat Computer
        Telescopic Vision

5. Sensors
        Bio-Scan Medical Survey Unit
        Micro-Radar

6. Weapons
        Power Punch - add 2D6 to punch damage for power punch

        War-roid Sword - War-roids are generally armed with an MDC
sword, that, combined with their strength, does 1D4*10 (they were
made to specialize in melee combat using these swords)

        However, 20% of War-roid Soldiers, and 50% of War-roid
Warlocks are armed with an Energized Sword/Energy Whip

        Energized Sword/Energy Whip - 1D6*10 MDC as a sword, 1D4*10
as a whip, whip has a length/range of approximately 50 feet

This weapon is a hilt that juts out slightly from one side of the
War-roid's lower chest, usually the left side.  It becomes an energy
sword or whip when grasped.  Nano-sensors built into the hilt recognize
the imprint of that specific War-roid's hand, activating the weapon.
Effectively indestructible for parrying attacks, energy supplied by the
War-roid's power supply.
Attacking with this weapon as a whip does not require the War-roid
"switch" it to whip form if it was used last attack as a sword,
instantaneous. (though if the last attack was as a whip, parry for the
next attack will be impossible)

7. Energy Barrier
        All War-roids can form an energy barrier that protects from
energy attacks.  The barrier is centered on the War-roid, and extends
a few feet beyond the War-roid.  The barrier replenishes its MDC in
24 hours if damaged.  If the barrier is reduced past zero, it absorbs
up to an additional 50 MDC. (ie: barrier at 3, 50 MDC inflicted,
barrier absorbs all damage as it is destroyed)
MDC     War-roid Soldier: 100
MDC     War-roid Warlock: 150

Disadvantages of the Energy Barrier
1) The energy barrier protects only from ranged energy attacks, it has
no effect on physical or melee attacks. (a TW flaming sword has full
effect)
2) If the barrier is destroyed, the War-roid is stunned for 1D4 melees
unable to take any action. (systems overloaded)
3) Once the barrier is destroyed, it will not function again until the
War-roid has his systems repaired.
4) The War-roid must activate the barrier initially, similar to a
dodge, requiring the use of a melee attack. (functions from then on
until the War-roid deactivates it - deactivating doesn't take an
attack)

8. Star Satellite - exclusive to the War-roid Warlock
        Approximately 20% of Warlocks have a "star" that is still
"alive".  This "star" is an orbiting satellite which can give the
War-roid a boost if power systems are failing, or if there is great
need for a powerful strike.  This is not done consciously by the
War-roid, but is activated automatically by computers on the satellite
that monitor the War-roid's systems.
None of these "stars" are known to exist in Rifts Earth. (though it
is possible, if extremely unlikely, that one came through a rift into
Earth space)

9. Jack System - exclusive to the War-roid Warlock
        War-roid Warlocks have a jack system that enables them to
patch into any computer controlled facility and take direct control
of it.  For example, if Archie (the box) was destroyed, a War-roid
Warlock could patch in to the Aberdeen complex and take complete
control of it, similar to the control Archie has now.

EQUIPMENT:
Very little in the way of equipment, mostly self-sufficient, may have
a vehicle such as a hovercycle for transportation.
War-roid Soldiers have a sensor helmet with thermo-imaging and
ultraviolet optics built in.  Has 20 MDC. (only fits the smaller
Soldiers)

MONEY:
War-roids have very little value for money, rarely have more than
2D4x100 credits at any one time

CYBERNETICS:
None

OTHER NOTES:
War-roids cannot start with any ranged WPs.  They have been made to
fight in a particular style, namely charge the enemy and engage in.
melee.  They were not made with ranged firefights in mind.  They have
a barrier to enable them to reach the enemy relatively undamaged,
where they can engage them in melee combat, eliminating the advantage
of any enemy barrier systems.  They do not use ranged weapons unless
absolutely necessary.  Generally this is left to their human
partner(s) if required.

War-roids that have their MDC completely depleted are deactivated,
however, they can be repaired and the essence is completely undamaged,
although it passes into a dormant state.  The War-roid must be
completely destroyed to destroy the essence, anywhere from 50-100%
more damage must be inflicted.  War-roids have been known to lay
dormant for over 100 years.

Psionics that affect living beings affect War-roids the same way.
(not if of physical nature, though - ie: healing, etc)

Alignment, if used, will be good.

By Hugh King