The Dynari
                               (Based on Star Control 2) 


                                               By:
                                          Crow T. Robot 


  The Dynari is a race that looks like a mix between a toad and a brain. Picture a large bullfrog with complex eyes who's skin is
composed of Brain Matter and you will get a good idea of what a Dynari looks like.

  While physically inept, they are psychics of incredible strength and ability, and have the ability to control and compel other
sentient beings to suit their evil purposes..

  Milennia ago, in another dimension they controlled a collection of races known as the Sentient Mileu.. For over 8 centuries
they controlled this collection, until finally their downfall was engineered. The only surviving races were the insect like Ur-Quan,
and the One eyed Melnorme. In the end, the dynari were labotomized and used as mindless translators known to the Ur'Quan
as talking pets..

  Unknown to everyone, a small ship with a nest of Dynari was lost in a hyperspace accident, and resurfaced in the Phaseworld
Universe.. Here the remaining Dynari hope to forge an empire for themselves..

Dynari Stats (Not meant as a PC!)

Alignment: Evil, usually miscreant/diabolic

Attributes:IQ: 5d6, ME: 5d6, MA: 4d6, PS: 1d6, PE: 1d6, PP: 3d6, PB: 1d4, 3d6 to other Dynari

S.D.C.: 5

Hit Points: PE + 1d6

I.S.P.: 4d6x10+ME + 4d6 per level of exp

Psionic Abilities:
  Pick 4 From Each Catagory at Level 1
  Pick 3 From Any Catagory each aditional level!

Special Dynaryi Abilities:
  Ultra Mental Compulsion:
    ISP Cost: 100
    Duration: 1 day per level of exp
    Range: 10 miles per level of exp
    Targets: 250 People/Sentient Beings Per level of expeirience.
  This amazing ability allows the Dynari to control a large amount of people mentally, and force them to obey orders. All targets
must make an initial save (-1 per lv. of dynari), otherwise they will be mentally to do whatever the Dynari asks. If asked to kill
a loved one, or do something totally aginst alignment, or commit suicide the target gets to roll an UNMODIFIED save vs.
psionics (Roll Above a 12), if they suceed they wont do the command, and cannot be further compelled to follow that
command (Note they are still under command of the Dynari)
  The only way to Break the compulsion is pain. Extreme pain for 5 minutes continuously will break the mental compulsion.
This is how the Ur-Quan eventually over through the Dynari. Note that people already in a state of pain cannot be affected by
this power.

  Telepathy/Empathy at NO isp charge, natural communication for race.

  Nightvision

Lifespan: 1500 Years


  Please note that while the Dynari may seem powerful, they are meant to be. They are bad guys and if you are dumb enough
to let a player play one. Well you deserve what you get.. Hopefully this will spawn some interesting comments ;)