Halflings R.C.C.


                                               By:
                                          Dan MacQueen 


  Halflings are a race of short humanoids common to many worlds of magic (though not the Palladium world). They are
sometimes confused for faerie folk or dwarves, but they are not related to either race. In fact, they appear to be closely related
to humans. The main differences are in the little people's height (averaging about three feet tall), but several strains of halflings
also have pointed ears, larger and hairier feet, and little or no facial hair.
  In many of the worlds they inhabit, halflings keep to themselves, rarely meddling in the affairs of the taller and more
power-hungry races. These little people are content to live simple lives as farmers and peasants, often surviving and prospering
while other races wear themselves out with struggles for power and glory. These halflings are generally friendly, hospitable,
comfort-loving people with great respect for laws and morals. In some dimensions, they are held in contempt by the other,
stronger races. In fact, on some of these worlds, halflings are considered little more than petty vagabonds and thieves. The
rulers of other worlds use halflings mostly as slaves. These halflings tend to be roguish, furtive scavengers. Regardless of their
status on their homeworlds, most of them do not consciously seek adventure or power, accepting their lot in life.
  Other races, especially humans and the gruff dwarves, think of halflings as soft, puny, and unimportant, but they are often
tougher and more determined than they appear. They often learn how to circumvent their small size, or even turn it into an
asset. Even the smallest and most comfort-loving halfling can turn into a resilient, clever, and capable adventurer -- if they have
to.

Alignment: any, but usually good or unprincipled: even a halfling thief tends to be selfish rather than evil.

Attributes: IQ: 3D6, ME: 3D6, MA: 2D6, PS: 2D6+3, PP: 4D6, PE: 4D6, PB: 3D6, Spd: 3D6

P.P.E.: 3D6

Hit Points: Standard.

S.D.C.: 10 plus those from OCC's and skills.

Psionics: Standard.

Combat: Standard.

Life Span: Varies, usually around 110 years.

Penalties: Due to their size, may not use large weapons: they are restricted to small and medium sized ancient weapons, such
as short swords and short bows. Modern weapons are also generally restricted to pistols and medium to light rifles. Their size
also causes many other races to act condescending towards Halflings, or ignore them altogether. This can be an advantage or a
disadvantage, depending on how the character uses it. Magic: no natural abilities, and rarely study it.

Natural Abilities:
  - high physical prowess and physical endurance: many races are surprised at how resilient a halfling can be.
  - keen eyesight and hearing
  - +2 to dodge attacks from large creatures (Wolfen size or larger: includes humans in most power armor) 
  - +1 to strike with slings, bows, and thrown weapons, due to years of tradition with such weapons.
  - +1 to initiative
  - can "freeze" : by remaining totally motionless, the Halfling may hide at +20% to his or her prowl skill 
  - +20% on prowl and cook, +10% to rogue skills other than computer hacking, +10% to escape artist

Skills of note: Speak native language at 95% (60% are also literate), speak one other language (usually an elven or human
tongue) at 75%, WP Archery/Targeting, Prowl +20% and Cook +20%.

Enemies: usually Goblins, Orcs, and the like. They tend to distrust Giants and other big folk.

Allies: Generally, Gnomes, Dwarves, Elves, and Humans are preferred. On Rifts Earth, they will tend to be allied with most
downtrodden and non-violent races of generally good alignments.

Height: 2'6" + 3D6 inches

Weight: 80 to 120 pounds: tend to be stocky or overweight (Halflings like to eat seven meals per day, when they can, but can
survive on a loaf of bread and a bottle of water for days when they have to.)

O.C.C.'s: Palladium-type fantasy worlds: Any but magic users (not including mind mages and clergy) or longbowman (too
short).
  Rifts: any but most men of magic (may still become clergy or druids) & power armor pilots (too small for the suit, but they
may pilot giant robots).
  Halfling adventurers are relatively uncommon: they usually get swept up by adventure, rather than seek it. They also tend
towards scholarly classes rather than men-at-arms, but halfling warriors can be surprisingly effective (especially since their
opponents don't expect them to be.)
  The most attractive OCC's would be ranger/wilderness scout, thief/city rat, soldier/headhunter, healer/body fixer,
scholar/rogue scholar, and vagabond/peasant farmer.
  The truly noble and adventurous ones (generally seen as unbalanced by other halflings) will gravitate towards cyber-knight or
paladin (riding ponies rather than horses, of course). These tend to see themselves as protectors of their people and of
innocents everywhere.

  The natural resistance halflings have to travel makes them rare on the Rifts Earth. However, a few thousand, coming from
various worlds, are present, mostly in the British Isles and western Canada.