The Liontaur

Based on Sierra Online's Quest For Glory 3



   (C) 1997 by Kevin Siembieda. (C) 1997 Palladium Books, All rights reserved world wide. No part of this work may be
  reproduced in part or whole, in any form or by any means, without permission from the publisher. All incidents, situations,
     institutions, governments and people are fictional and any similarity to characters or persons living or dead is strictly
  coincidental. Palladium Books (R), and RIFTS (R) are registered trademarks owned and licensed by Kevin Siembieda and
Palladium Books, Inc. P.P.E. (TM), M.D.C. (TM), Megaverse (TM), and Ley Line (TM) are trademarks owned and licensed
                      by Kevin Siembieda and Palladium Books, Inc. By Crow T. Robot 
                                       Artwork By: Gryphon 





The Liontaur are a race of centuar like creatures with one key difference, instead of being Equine they are Feline. They have
the lower body of a lion, the upper body of a man, and their head is a mixture between a lion and a human, with golden fur,
and Lion-like features, but with the same general layout of a human face.

As a race in general they are instinctivly honorable. 90% of them are either principled or abberant, the other 10% are a mixture
of the other alignments. Their society itself is highly entwined with honor, and being deemed honorless in a Liontaur society is
the worst punishment, as no other Liontaur will consort with the honorless one.

In their African-like homelands they built the great city of Tarna, and were generally peaceful for several centuries. Their home
city became a center of trade throughout the land, and they built an empire, but unfortunatly a war with an army of deamons
toppled the great city. In a final battle between the greatest Liontaur paladin and the demon high wizard, a huge rift was open in
the center of the city, engulfing and displacing over 800 Liontaurs. Liontaurs to several different worlds, including Palladium &
Rifts Earth.

The tribe on Rifts Earth ended up in the grasslands of Africa in about 60 PA on the shores of Lake Tanganyika. Almost 500 of
the creatures ended up in Africa, and after they realised they were stuck here, they began to re-build their city. They quickly
made allies with several nearby tribes, bringing 3 human and d-bee tribes together, and they began to build their city, 'New
Tarna' on the shores of the lake. They learned of technology quickly, and have aquired the capabilities to construct MD armor
and weapons (The technoloy was aquired by travelling paladins, and took almost 30 years to acquire).

The Palladium Counterparts of these Liontaurs ended up in the Yin-Sloth jungles, near the ruins of an acient dragonwright city.
The 300 liontaurs began re-constructing their city (Also named New Tarna, hey, the liontaurs arn't extremly creative). Due to
the presence of several Dragonwright temples in the area, the religion has spread to a large number of the Liontaurs, and the
groups of Liontaurs are seperated by their own religion (whos gods have disapeared) and Dragonwright, whos priests have
power in this land. In the past years a large number of neighboring elvish tribal people have migrated to the liontaurs cities, and
for the moment Palladium's New Tarna is prospering.

The Liontaur

Alignments: 90% are Principled or Abberant

IQ: 3d6
ME: 2d6
MA: 3d6
PS: 4d6
PP: 4d6
PE: 3d6
PB: 3d6
Spd: 1d4x10

HP: PE + 1d6
SDC: 1d6x10 + Bonuses
PPE: As Human, or As OCC

Special Abilities

Enhanced Senses of Smell and Taste: About twice as sensative as a humans. 

Weaknesses

Food Consumption: The Liontaur must eat about twice as much as a human being to support their increased mass.

OCCs: Any non-psionic related. Tend towards Paladin, or on low tech worlds, Cyberknights

Psionics: None, Liontaurs cannot be Psionic

Average Life Span: 80 Years