Gamma World Conversion: Orlen R.C.C.


From the biological archives of Lazlo:

Species: Homo Orlencia

Background: The Orlen is a race genetically stable race of varient humans. They are believed to have evolved in isolation
somewhere in central North America, and have become a species unto themselves. They can only reproduce viable offspring
with other Orlen, not any other kind of human varient. They are most common to North America, being found in small numbers
as far north as Lazlo and as far south as the Pecos Empire, although lone members of this race can be found anywhere. Orlens
as a race show an aptitide twards both telepathy and telekinesis, as well as possessing other psionic powers with less
frequency. They also seem to display a knack for focusing themselves on certain mental tasks. They also seem to display a
level of awareness of their surroundings that surpasses common humans.

Appearence: The Orlen appears to be a human with two heads set on wide shoulders and chest. They also have two
complete sets of arms at the shoulder. Mutation variation is rare, only about 5% display one or two minor mutations (given on
page 12 of the Rifts book). They commonly display tan cuacasian skin tones and dark straignt hair.

                                      Game Statistics:



Note: Basically the same as humans with only minor changes as noted.

     I.Q.: 2D6+6 
     M.E.: 2D6+6 
     P.P.: 3D6+2 
     Hit Points: P.E.x2 plus 1D8 per level 
     Psionics: Has Telepathy, Telekinesis (physical power), and any two powers from any of the catagories of Sensitive,
     Physical or Healing. Also have the Will Force power, described in the Mutant Animal Powers section. I.S.P. is
     M.E.+4D6 plus 1D6+1 per level. Considered a major psionic unless they take a psionic character class that makes
     them a master psionic. 
     Bonuses: +1 Attack per melee and get to make two perception rolls whenever one is called for, keeping the best roll. 
     Penalties: Must find custom made armor, considered a dangerous mutant by the Coalition. 



O.C.C.'s: Orlens must choose an O.C.C. during character creation just like humans. Available O.C.C.'s include any of the
men at arms except Coalition and Juicer (normal Juicer chemical do not work on them, but can become a Maxi-Killer juicer),
and any scholar and adventurer. Cyber-Knight Orlen never gain extra psionics, they already have psionic powers. Crazy
Orlens gain new psionics as normal, but gain half the additional ISP to their normal amount. Operator Orlens can choose to
give up the two psionics of choice in favor of Telemechanics and gain no additional I.S.P. They can also become men of
magic, and gain any associated psionics, but again only half the I.S.P. is added to their normal amount when taking classes like
the Mystic or Techno-Wizard that have psionics. Psionics classes are available to the Orlen, but they loose the two powers of
choice in favor of the powers associated with the class. I.S.P. will become whichever amount is higher, psionic class or racial
class total. Remember that major psionics have penalities to their skills when taking non-psionic character classes. Orlens
cannot become Tattooed Men, as magic tattoos do not work on them.