Vulcan R.C.C.


                                               By:
                                          Tim Santa Cruz 


 ; ;Vulcans are a logical race of humanoids from the planet Vulcan. They believe in logic as the only way to live a complete life.
Thus, they have no crime, violence, or other social problems, because those things are, illogical.

 ; ;Vulcans at one time were an extremely illogical race, given to barbarism, war, and the like, but in order to save their race,
they adopted a logical way of life. They have developed FTL spaceships, but their craft are designed mainly for science and
exploration, with minimal weapons and shielding. They are the opposite of their cousin race the Romulans who are a warlike
and illogical people. The Vulcans want to learn all that they can about the universe, and thus, are very interested in exploring
Rifts Earth. (As well as other RPG settings).

Alignments: Most Vulcans will be of good alignment due to their logical outlook on life.

Attributes: I.Q. 3D6+6, M.E. 4D6+6, M.A. 2D6, P.S. 5D6, P.P. 3D6+2, P.E. 3D6, P.B. 3D6, Spd. 3D6

Hit Points: P.E. +1D6 per each level.

S.D.C.: 30

Natural Armor Rating: None

Awe Factor: 7

I.S.P.: M.E. +2D6 plus 1D6 per each level (starting at level one)

P.P.E.: 1D6

Natural Abilities: Superior Physical Strength, Vulcan Nerve Pinch (Special, See Below), Resistant to Radiation (1/2
Damage)

Combat: 2 Attacks, plus those gained from Hand to Hand Combat and/or Boxing.

Bonuses: +1 Save vs. Psionics. +1 Save vs. Poison, +4 Save vs. Horror Factor

Psionics: Mind Meld (Special, See Below), Empathy

Magic: None

Average Life Span: 250 Years

Rifts O.C.C.s: Mostly Scholarly, but any O.C.C. may be chosen. The only exception is CS Military, and Borg

Skills of Note: Speak Vulcan 98%, Speak English 60%, +5% to all Science Skills

Size: 60 + 4D6 inches

Weight: 150 to 250 lb.

Equipment: Only Equipment that is available to the O.C.C. The Vulcans to not build their own weapons so the only ones
available will be the ones purchased or traded for.

Vulcan Nerve Pinch (Available only to Vulcans): Vulcans use this to incapacitate a victim. Since the vulcans generally don't
believe in violence, this is a suitable alternative for them. The victim will be completely unconscious for 1D6 minutes.
There is *no* savings throw.
 ; ;Range: Touch
 ; ;Duration: 1D6 Minutes
 ; ;Damage: None

Vulcan Mind Meld (Available only to Vulcans): This power allows the vulcan to experience a telepathic transfer of thoughts
with another of any race. This includes all humanoids, aliens intelligences and unintelligent animals. This can be very useful to
extract information from an individual. The vulcan can also transfer his thoughts to another person. Once a Vulcan has mind
melded with someone, the it can never be taken back. The vulcan will remember all information extracted, and the other
person will remember all information received.

Telepathic Extraction: The vulcan can use this power to extract any thoughts or emotions from an individual. The savings
throw is standard, but the vulcan can raise it by adding 10 I.S.P. per Point.
 ; ;I.S.P.: 10
 ; ;Range: Touch
 ; ;Duration: Permanent

Telepathic Transmission: The vulcan may use this to transfer his own thoughts or emotions to another person. The savings
throw is standard.
 ; ;I.S.P.: 10
 ; ;Range: Touch
 ; ;Duration: Permanent

Mind Transfer: If a vulcan determines that he is going to die, he will attempt a transfer of all mental functions to the nearest
individual. This is a grueling process that takes it's toll, not only on the vulcan, but also on the recipient, who will automatically
lose 1 M.E. point, and 2 P.P.E. points.
 ; ;I.S.P.: All remaining ISP + the loss of 2 M.E. points
 ; ;Range: Touch
 ; ;Duration: Permanent